[DOCU-1940] add token information to git sync page (#44)
Kong/insomnia-docs: docs/insomnia/git-sync.md

Sync with Git is a built-in feature for Design Documents that enables you to configure your repository to an external Git version control system like GitHub or BitBucket.

> On this page, you'll see reference to teams and team members. Learn more about [Team Collaboration](/insomnia/team-collaboration). Otherwise, you can use this feature as a solo developer to keep a copy of your work using Git versioning.

Reviewer: Hmmm, "team members" in this page don't refer to the Team Collaboration feature 😢 maybe we can reword it. On this page, it just means anybody else that has access to the git repository.

Herein lies the irony between our two sync systems and how disconnected they are 😭

Author: Got it. I want to reserve "team" and "team members" for when we talk about our paid feature then. In other cases, we can use verbiage like "collaborator" or something else.

* **Author Name**: The Git author name to store with each commit.
* **Author Email**: The Git author email to store with each commit.
* **Username**: The Git author username to match with the authentication token.
* **Authentication Token**: The token needed to authenticate with remote repository provider, such as GitHub or BitBucket. If you have two-factor authentication (2FA) enabled on your account, it is unlikely you will be able to use your username and password. Instead, generate a personal access token or app password (see list below for links to documentation for your Git system).

{:.alert .alert-primary}
**Note**: You may still fail to set up Git Sync properly due to not enough or the wrong types of Git permissions.

Find instructions on how to create a personal access token or app password on the following platforms:

* [Github](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)

>   * To push to and pull from a _public_ GitHub repo, scope at least `public_repo` when creating your personal access token.

Reviewer: - It's worth documenting what's needed for private GitHub repositories. Many enterprise customers will have private repositories, and from my testing they need the entire `repo` scope.
- At least for GitHub, we can use a one-click link which has everything pre-filled:
  - public: `https://github.com/settings/tokens/new?description=insomnia-git-sync&scopes=public_repo`
  - private: `https://github.com/settings/tokens/new?description=insomnia-git-sync&scopes=repo`

* [Gitlab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html)

>   * To push to and pull from a _private_ GitLab repo, scope at least `api` when creating your personal access token.

Reviewer: I think this scope is all that's needed for both public and private

* [Bitbucket](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/app-passwords/)
  * To push and pull from a _private_ BitBucket repo, scope at least `Read` and `Write` in the `Repository` options when creating your app password.
* [Bitbucket Server](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/personal-access-tokens-939515499.html)

Once complete, click **Done** and the repository settings will be persisted for future operations. The author details and token can be updated as needed.

{:.alert .alert-primary}

> **Note**: When linking to a GitHub repository, the default branch maybe appear on the Insomnia app as `master`. If you use another default, like `main`, click on the branch dropdown. Select **Branches**, and add your default branch name.

Reviewer: I tested with a new repository that has a README, and it appears to recognize `main` properly. Ie. if your repository has a default branch, which is `main`, Insomnia will recognize that.

I then tested with a new repository with nothing in it - completely blank, no branches. This one is defaulted to `master` in Insomnia.

I think instead of putting this note in the docs it might need to be a bug/feature request 🤔

## Clone an Existing Remote Repository

Clone a remote Document from Git via the **Create** dropdown on the Dashboard view. You will be prompted to fill out remote [**Repository Settings**](#remote-repository-settings) to gain remote access.

> The remote repository must contain the root `.insomnia` folder, otherwise cloning will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remote repository must contain the root `.insomnia` folder, otherwise you will be prompted to create a new Design Document.
```
